fleeing in panic after Israeli artillery
shells Target a Heavenly populated area
in the heart of Gaza
City Palestinians left scrambling to
help the injured who are scattered
across every
corner we don't know what happened
suddenly we were showered with
missiles ambulance are trying to collect
the wounded but hospitals in the area
are already stretched to a Breaking
Point only three left partially
functioning no Palestinian is spared in
Israel's war as civilians continue to be
targeted this is Al maasi in the South
an area Israel designated as a so-called
safe
Zone we were about to sleep and get some
rest and the next thing we knew was the
sound of the resounding explosions
destroying our places we found ourselves
alone not knowing what to do we still
can't process what
happened Witnesses say the Israeli
military used sound bombs to force
Palestinians towards a makeshift
hospital where they were targeted
casualties are
rising they fired a bomb near the Red
Cross we are located near there my
husband ran to to check they fired again
near the Red Cross there were casualties
there people gathered there I tried to
call my husband he didn't answer people
started to run and someone took us in
his
car the entire Gaza STP is under Israeli
bombardment Palestinians are trapped
trying to find any inch of safety but
none
exists Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler